\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename nixstaller.info
@settitle Nixstaller Manual
@c %**end of header

@c @include macros.texi

@ifhtml
    @include macros-html.texi
@end ifhtml

@ifnothtml
    @include macros-default.texi
@end ifnothtml

@titlepage
@title Nixstaller 0.2 Manual
@author Rick Helmus
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of the contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
    @node Top
    @top About
@end ifnottex

This document describes how to use Nixstaller to create installers for UNIX like systems.

Here is a short description for what you can find in this document:
@menu
* Features:: What Nixstaller can do.
* Installing:: How to install Nixstaller.
* Quickstart:: If you're in a hurry or want a quick reference.
* Index:: Complete Index
@end menu

@node Features
@chapter Features

@section Main Features
Here is a list with the main features. Read further for more info to see what they do and how to use them.

@itemize @bullet
@item 2 different frontends used for the installer: @uref{http://www.fltk.org,FLTK} and @uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/ncurses/ncurses.html,ncurses}.
@item Support for most common UNIX like systems (see table below).
@item A installer itself has the following features:
@itemize
@item Can be fully translated (no UTF yet). Translations for English and Dutch are supplied by default.
@item Different kind of installer screens:
@itemize
@item A screen where the user can select a language.
@item A introduction screen with an optional image and text.
@item A screen where the user can read/accept a provided license.
@item A screen where the user can select a destination directory to put the installation files.
@item A screen which shows the progress of the installation.
@item A screen which can show text after the installation.
@item A generic screen which can be made with a script.
@end itemize
Most screens are optional and can be shown in any particalur order.
@end itemize
@item Frontends are build in a way that they can be used on many different systems by linking less common libraries staticly.
@item The files can be packed with gzip-, bzip2 and lzma compression.
@item Installation files can be extracted to various directories; a temporary directory (usefull for @samp{./configure && make && make install} like installers), a directory which can be selected by the user and a default directory.
@item @uref{http://www.lua.org,Lua} support is provided to configure the installer and to program the installation procedure. This allows very flexible configurations.
@end itemize

@section Changelog
@subsection 0.1 --> 0.2
@itemize
@item Lua support.
@item Support for Nexenta/Solaris 10 and AMD64 support for Linux, FreeBSD an NetBSD.
@item New manuals created by @uref{http://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo,GNU's Texinfo}.
@end itemize



@node Installing
@chapter Installing

...

@node Quickstart
@chapter Quickstart

...




@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp

@bye
